What you want to show me
Here it is.
If I let them know that I have this disease
The board will definitely kick me out
Although nothing happened that night
But if I let him know I went to someone else's room
Will he think I'm dirty?
So that night
I'm going to threaten you with this
To be precise
It was he who deliberately quoted our arm
Take a video of this and keep it as evidence
When did you see the doctor?
During studying abroad
They were extremely ill adapted.
Back then, I was also determined to send Jiang Yu abroad
Never asked his opinion
How are you now?
originally
I don't want anyone to know about this.
It doesn't matter.
If it were me
I don't want to either
Others see themselves at their worst
Jiang Yu used to be half of my family
Should I believe him?
Why are you asking me out?
I know it all
What!
You know it all
Xiao Jiang took the initiative to tell you
Then I have nothing to hide
The paternity test is in my hands
As long as I hold it
His company always has a point for me
Fight with me
You're still too young.
Paternity test